{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Question 1: Yes, Evan Kaufman is the corresponding author.\
\
Question 2: The corrected file for the final submission is attached, provided in two formats: JIRS_fig11.pdf and JIRS_fig11.eps.\
\
Question 3: The biographies are provided below:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Evan Kaufman\'a0received his B.S.\'a0degree\'a0in Mechanical Engineering from Bucknell University in 2012, and is currently a Ph.D. candidate at The George Washington University in the Mechanical and Aerospace department. His research focusses are in robotic mapping and exploration with range-based sensors, estimation, data association, and flight controls. He has worked on several research projects through the U.S. Air Force Research Laboratory and Naval Research Laboratory.\
\
Kuya Takami is a postdoctoral research fellow at the Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering at the George Washington University. He received his doctoral degree in Mechanical Engineering at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University in 2015 specializing in robot perception. His main interests include mobile robot perception and autonomous systems.\
\
Zhuming Ai, Ph.D., is a Computer Engineer in the Information Technology Division at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory (NRL). Before he joined NRL, he served as the Director of the Virtual Reality in Medicine Lab at the University of Illinois at Chicago. He is interested in virtual reality, augmented reality, computer graphics, image processing, and robotics.\
\
Taeyoung Lee is an associate professor of the Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering at the George Washington University. He received his doctoral degree in Aerospace Engineering and his master\'92s degree in Mathematics at the University of Michigan in 2008. His research interests include geometric mechanics and control with applications to complex aerospace systems.\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
There are 2 other issues with this proof. These issues were not present with the final submitted draft using auxiliary files svjour3.cls and svglov3.clo which followed a single-column format, although the proof follows a two-column format. If the style files are updated or replaced since original submission, we can update the source tex file such that existing figures fit properly on the page.\
\
1) The organization, division, and address for author Kuya Takami has some information switched with author Zhuming Ai (metadata lines 17-19, 33-35). The information that is switched should be fixed as:\
\
Kuya Takami:\
Organization: \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The George Washington University \
Division: Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering\
Address: Washington, DC, 20052, USA \
\
Zhuming Ai:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Organization: \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 U.S. Naval Research Laboratory\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
Division: \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Information Management & Decision Architectures \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
Address: \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Washington, DC, 20375, USA\
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Then, in the paper, the 1 and 2 superscripts (paper line 2) on authors are switched (Kuya Takami should have 1, Zhuming Ai should have 2).\
\
2) VERY IMPORTANT: some figures are rearranged in ways that cut off or incorrectly show important information. These issues are:\
\
  - Fig. 1 (between lines 411-412): This really should only span a single column. The same is true of Fig. 2 (between lines 590-591) and Fig. 11 (between lines 869-870).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0   - Fig. 4 (between lines 769-770): This figure is particularly important, but the majority of the images are cut off.\
  - Fig. 8 (between lines 869-870): These 9 subfigures are supposed to show an occupancy grid map of Fig. 7 (between lines 787-788, nicely rendered). However, the edges are trimmed, so the reader can only see a small part of the important results.\
  - Fig. 10 (between lines 869-870): the subfigure labels are covering the subfigures, when they should be below the images.\
  - General note: Since figure labels are sometimes moved to the side, this yields a high amount of free white space (e.g. Figs. 5, 6, 8, 9, 11). This seems unlikely to be the desired result.\
\
The authors have also attached the last submission PDF to show how each figure should look for reference.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
}