Reviewer 1 of SIMPAR 2016 submission 48

Comments to the author
======================

This paper presents an algorithm for a robot to explore an
unknown
environment (represented as an occupancy grid map) by
moving to a
pose to minimize the expected map entropy.  The paper is
clearly
written and easy to follow.  The main innovation is an
efficient
computation of the expected entropy (or, equivalently, the
information gain) for a robot with a single ray laser range
finder.  The
computation relies on a recent derivation by the authors
for
efficiently computing the normalization factor in the
Bayesian update
for occupancy grid mapping.  The proposed control algorithm
is
otherwise standard.

The paper is interesting and presents a concrete
contribution.  My
only significant concern is that it does not seem to be
well-aligned
with the theme of the conference, as simulation is not a
significant
part of the paper.  Aside from that, I have some more minor
recommendations:

1.  I recommend that the authors cite recent related work
from Brian
Julian, Sertac Karaman, and Daniela Rus as well as recent
work by
Philip Dames, Vijiay Kumar, and various other co-authors.

2.  I recommend that the authors rephrase the claim in the
intro that
in SLAM the trajectory is given.  I would rather state that
the data
is given (the trajectory has to be estimated along with the
map).  I
understand the intention of the authors, but this could be
misinterpreted by a reader to think that SLAM only
estimates a map,
not a trajectory and a map (which is not correct).

3.  Also, since this paper does assume a known robot
trajectory
(X_{1:t}) it is perhaps not wise to begin with SLAM as a
motivating
example, as SLAM is a more challenging estimation problem
than the one considered here.