The paper describes a method for multi-robot exploration of
3D occupancy grid maps. The cooperation is achieved by an
auction-based system. The bids are built using an utility
function that combines information gain (expected entropy
reduction) and distance. The impact of each robot action is
considered in subsequent bids. The paper describes the
technical details, and validates the method using
simulations. 

The reviewers concur in that the paper is well written.
Nevertheless, some explanations can be improved and
additional details are needed for a better reproducibility.

They also concur in that the paper deals with a problem of
interest (multi-robot exploration). However, the paper can
do a better job with respect to the motivation for the
topics of ICUAS and the application to aerial systems. In
this sense, the use of 2D projected maps for auctioning and
decision-making should be better justified for the
application to aerial vehicles, in which 3D is particularly
relevant.

The analysis of the state of the art should be improved and
related references considered. Also, no benchmark or
comparison with respect to other approaches are presented.
This definitely would help to better assess the relevance
of the paper. 

----------------------------------------
Comments on Video Demonstration:

The video is helpful. The robots could be better
highlighted